### Webpack Task 1: Learning with a Config File

## Overview
This project focuses on using Webpack with a configuration file, installing necessary packages, and creating a simple JavaScript application using jQuery and Lodash.

## Project Structure
- **task_1**: Root directory for Task 1.
  - **js**: Contains JavaScript files.
    - `dashboard_main.js`: Main JavaScript file.
  - `package.json`: Project configuration file.
  - `webpack.config.js`: Webpack configuration file.
  - **public**: Contains public files.
    - `index.html`: HTML file to display the application.

## Getting Started
1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Dr-dyrane/alx-react.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the `task_1` directory:**
   ```bash
   cd alx-react/0x00-Webpack/task_1
   ```

3. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. **Run Webpack to generate the JavaScript file in the `public` folder:**
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

5. **Open `public/index.html` in a browser to view the result.**

## Using jQuery and Lodash
- **`dashboard_main.js`**
  - Imports jQuery and Lodash.
  - Adds elements to the HTML:
    1. Paragraph: Holberton Dashboard.
    2. Paragraph: Dashboard data for the students.
    3. Button: Click here to get started.
    4. Paragraph: `<p id='count'></p>`.
    5. Another Paragraph: Copyright - Holberton School.

## Preventing Spammers
- **`dashboard_main.js`**
  - `updateCounter()` function tracks button clicks.
  - Updates the count and displays it on the page.
  - Utilizes Lodash's debounce function for improved performance.

## Requirements
- JavaScript should be generated in the `public` folder.
- The JavaScript file generated by Webpack should be named `bundle.js`.
- Set Webpack config mode to production.
- Opening your HTML file should not generate any errors in the console.
- Your HTML code should only import one JavaScript script (the one generated by Webpack).

## Resources
- [Debounce documentation on Lodash](https://lodash.com/docs/4.17.15#debounce)

## Author
- **Alexander Udeoagranya**
  - GitHub: [Dr-dyrane](https://github.com/Dr-dyrane)

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
